hi guys thank you so much for watching
said today's we're just going to be a
halt and I don't have a lot to show you
but I still wanted to do a video for you
guys so yeah I guess I'll get started
with the thing singer from Ross so I
just got this shirt right here it's just
like a lace black shirt and it has like
the Peter Pan neckline and it's just in
the color cream just like that and i got
this one for a 1099 in a size large yeah
large then the second thing i got was
also from ross it was this stuff right
here and it was also on a size large and
it's just like really colorful and stuff
and he has like the pickup of shoulders
so it has like the shoulders right here
and it has like little like studs like
gold studs on the side going on around
and then it's like it's also like a
high-low if you can see that and then it
also has like this little crisscross
detailing on the back and this one think
this was like thirteen dollars and then
all the rest of things that I have are
from the thrift store so I got this
shirt right here and it's just like a
little bit of the harlow again and it
has um like this sequence detailing and
if they're just a clear sequence so you
can barely see them and I really like
the color
and this one was from New York & Company
and it was 333 and then I also got this
on striped shirt and it's just like gray
with blue stripes and it has this really
pretty detailing here at the bottom so i
really like this one this one was I
think 733 and then I also got some
dresses the first dress that I got was
this one right here is just like a
floral dress like that and it has like
little pockets and this one was four
dollars so that's down and then I also
got this one this wise oh I like a
really long dress it goes all the way to
the bottom and I don't really wear
dresses but lately I've been wanting to
wear dresses like for the spring and
stuff so I got this too right here and
this one was also four dollars and then
I also got this one right here but this
one actually will mom get to me but i
just thought i will show you guys so
it's downwardly here has fruit ruffles
on the front and it's just like a navy
blue and it has like stripes going down
so yeah that's pretty much it guys I
hope you enjoy my heart thank you so
much for watching and don't forget to
like and if you haven't subscribed yet
don't forget to subscribe for more
videos thank you so much for watching
bye bye